[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Sergeant Clifford Stone, a
military insider who claimed
to have been part of an elite
government unit tasked with
investigating and retrieving
fallen UFOs, has died.
Remembering Clifford Stone.
This is Gaia News,
special edition.
While there are countless
reports of UFO sightings and ET
contacts, it's the accounts
of the military insiders that
have been the most compelling.
Sergeant Clifford
Stone was one of
the first military
whistleblowers
to come forward 20 years ago.
According to Stone, his
story began in childhood
when the military found
out about his ET contact
experiences and recruited him
into the army at the age of 16.
There, while he officially
worked as a clerk,
he claimed to have actually been
part of a secret government UFO
crash retrieval team.
Clifford has provided thousands
of top secret documents
to researchers in
the space for years.
They have left an
impact on many people
about the nature of alien
life visiting this planet.
Steven Greer, the founder
of The Disclosure Project,
has known Clifford
since the late 1990s
when he began to come
forward with his experiences.
>> Sergeant Stone was on
what they called NBC team.
It was Nuclear
Biological Chemical team.
That was their cover.
And those teams
had a compartment
that dealt with retrieving
extraterrestrial vehicles
and extraterrestrial
life forms that
had been recovered
from the result of our
targeting those craft
and shooting them down.
So he was a frontline responder
in a classified project
back in the 1960s.
So this goes back, you know,
more than 50 years, obviously.
And learned a great deal from
his firsthand encounters,
and then subsequently
began researching it even
after his retirement
from the military.
>> Investigative journalist
Paola Harris has also known
Clifford for many years and
helped him publish his last
book, "Eyes Only."
>> He said he did
12 crash retrievals,
three of them in Vietnam.
The first one was in Indiantown
Gap, Indiana in 1969.
So of course I'm shocked,
because 1969, I mean,
everybody just
thinks of Roswell.
But since then, there
have been crash retrievals
right in the United States.
>> Over the last 20 years,
Sergeant Stone has described
many of his secret
missions in great detail.
He did so a few years ago on
Gaia's "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Right around midnight,
maybe a little after,
my unit commander came
up to me and says,
we have an aircraft we believe
to be a Soviet aircraft that
crashed not too far from here,
and we're recovering that
craft.
Then we started
seeing these lights
in the area where we're going.
We got closer.
We saw the people moving around.
Then we saw the craft.
The craft was like
the heel of your shoe.
The side that was
closest to me, which
would be on the left
side of the craft,
there was this
typical gray creature
that was half in, half out.
And I, you know, could
identify on a very human level
the loss they felt.
>> Sergeant Stone has also
talked about missions where he
encountered living ETs, and
was often very emotional in his
testimony about his feelings
towards them and about
their agenda on Earth.
>> You know, his consistent
testimony was that they were
very, very enlightened,
very high consciousness,
very highly intelligent.
Were really preoccupied with
our tendency to create war,
and doing so after we had
discovered nuclear power
and weapons.
But also, what we were
doing to the biosphere.
They were very, very
concerned and are
concerned with the damage
we're doing to the biosphere
and to the Earth.
>> Sergeant Stone first came
forward with his experiences
publicly at The Disclosure
Project's Press Club Conference
in 2001.
>> I know we're not
alone in the universe.
I know that the
absence of evidence
is not evidence of absence.
It's evidence that has been
denied to the American people.
[APPLAUSE]
I stand before you today
and my almighty God
and I tell you this.
If Congress calls
me in and says,
will you testify in
detail what you know,
I stand here today prepared
and ready to do just that.
Governments must never
lie to the people.
>> Steven Greer, who
organized the event,
on why Stone came forward.
>> The world needed
to know this,
and they needed to know it
in the correct perspective.
Not some disinformation
spin that there's
a threat to the
national security.
He understood that we needed
to get ahead of that curve
that they were always going
to hoax an alien threat,
because that would enable
them to not only unite
the world in war, but a war
against other civilizations,
because it would
be very lucrative
to the military contractors,
et cetera, and so on.
But it would also
control the populace
through fear, which is
always how demagogues
control the populace.
Now, Clifford knew
this, and he knew
that that was why it
was being kept secret
and how they were going to
eventually bring this out.
>> Beyond his role as a
pioneering whistleblower,
Sergeant Stone was known as a
deeply spiritual and moral man.
>> Clifford Stone was
for me love personified.
He walked his talk.
He did everything that
he wanted humanity to be.
And I think that he wanted
to tell the world, look,
we are not alone, and we're
getting out of control
with our technology.
We are being watched.
If we don't grow in
our spirituality,
we probably can't join with any
other of the cosmic cultures,
because in order to
do that, you have
to be a balanced human being.
>> So I think Clifford
would want to be remembered
as someone who spoke
the truth, with courage.
And he's someone
who actually walked
the talk, whereas as many
people talk, but they don't act.
He actually had the
courage of his convictions,
came forward with the
truth, and spoke the truth
to the end of his life.
And I think that's
how he would want
to be remembered, as a truth
teller and someone who,
with a pure heart, had a
genuine connection to the ETs
and to the future of humanity.
>> To many in the
field of ufology,
the road to disclosure would
have looked very different
without the pioneering steps
of Sergeant Clifford Stone.
Thank you for your
service, Sergeant Stone.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.